# Among-Us-Mod-Menu-Hacks

Among us hack can be used to give your character new abilities or take away from them in order to make the experience more challenging. Download these hacks and see what they do when used on different types of characters.
Download here: https://bit.ly/3CNqR9F

Among us hacks also provides game guides, walkthroughs and tips for new players so they can have an edge in their gaming. Our hack is completely free, safe, and functional. Any browser, including tablets, phones, and computers, can access the hacks. 
We update these hack tool on a regular basis, so it will never be out of date or stop working without notice. Furthermore, we guarantee that these hacks are undetectable, and that your account will be secure and unrestricted.

Among us is, the 2018 online multiplayer social subtraction game developed and published by American game studio Innersloth. Released on iOS and Android devices in June 2018 and on Windows in November 2018, there was cross-platform play between these platforms. The game was also transferred to the Nintendo Switch in December 2020, and plans for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X / S were released in 2021. The game was inspired by the party games Mafia and Science Horror. fiction. The movie "The Thing". Since the launch of the first card, The Skeld, three cards have been added: MIRA HQ, Polus and The Airship. The airship design is based on the Infiltrating the Airship from the Henry Stickmin series, another video game series developed by Innersloth LLC.
The game is played in a space-themed environment and the player plays one of two roles. Most of them are teammates and a certain number of scammers.  The purpose of teammates is to identify scammers, eliminate them, and perform tasks on the map. The scammer's goal is to thwart and kill the crew before completing all the tasks. Players suspected of being fraudsters can be eliminated by multiple votes. This can be initiated by calling an emergency meeting (except during a crisis) or reporting a corpse. If all scammers are kicked out or all tasks are completed, the crew wins. On the other hand, if the number of fraudsters and crew is the same, or if the serious obstruction is not resolved, the fraudster wins.
